hello youtube this is rice on 11 and I'm
going to show you all the characters and
their alternative costumes from Resident
Evil mercenaries 3 yes the first
character they have is Chris Chris
Redfield he has a pistol a shotgun and a
rifle Jill Valentine that has a machine
gun a knife and a shotgun Rebecca
chambers has a there's Rebecca chambers
that has a machine gun and a grenade
grenade launcher with explosive rounds
there's Claire Redfield that has a
Matilda or a machine gun pistol an
electric grenade launcher and a rifle
next there's hunk it has a pistol
grenade launcher with flash rounds in a
ak-47
then there's Barry Burton with a pistol
a magnum and a rifle
then there's Jack krauser which has he
has a bow and arrow a knife and a rocket
launcher and Albert Wesker that has a
samurai edged lightning Hawk and ajita
Hydra these although these are their
alternative costumes
trust me this took me a long time to
unlock all of them so you just have to
kind of stay patient and just go through
the game and just unlock the customs and
I looked online on how you can look
online to to find out okay Christon is
pilot suit and the weapons that go with
the original costumes are with these
guys but there's an option where you can
switch the weapons around so Cristina's
pilot suit Jill and casual Rebecca nurse
Claire suit Wesker uroboros krauser
exoskeleton very patriotic and my
favorite honk mr. death
okay I'll show you I'll show you all the
skills and weapons they can choose when
you pick a character say you want hunk
and you want a different weapon like you
want Chris's weapon or do or you want
Jill's one so and so and this one okay
so how how I did this
you basically press L when you just want
to select their character and you go to
each little question mark square when
you start and you could buy a person's
weapon set for ten play coins Nintendo
play coins and there's a harder way but
I don't I don't really know exactly how
to do it but I think you have to get SS
rankings on at least every place
remission which is way too hard so I
just bought it with my play coins and
this weapon select set has a red nine in
the grenade launcher and this is gonna
do you good when you're on mission for
through five and you should use hunk and
these are the skills they're skills such
as all of these are skills I can't oh
I'll make another video to explain them
all but these are just all the skills
you can get any skill will help you with
each mission you do and I'll show you
all the missions there's a duo setting
metal sitting I'll show your medals in
the different video and here's our
here's all the missions you start at
level one and then you progress all the
way down to level X you know on these
levels you have to beat them at least
have be ranking up to get whiskey
herbals
and then see there's different missions
as you progress through the game okay
thank you guys for watching my video
on all those some features and Resident
Evil mercenaries for the 3ds in the US
version
thank you for watching please comment
subscribe and rate thank you